Charles Darwin's personal pet tortoise didn't die until recently.
The average person will spend six months of their life waiting for red lights to turn green
A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread
Cherophobia is the word for the irrational fear of being happy
You can hear a blue whale's heartbeat from two miles away
Nearly 30,000 rubber ducks were lost a sea in 1992 and are still being discovered today
There's a Manhattan-specific ant
The inventor of the frisbee was turned into a frisbee after he died
There's a bridge exclusively for squirrels.
Subway footlongs aren't a foot long.
Marie Curie's notebooks are still radioactive
One in three divorce filings include the word 'Facebook.'
Blood banks in Sweden notify donors when blood is used.
Instead of saying 'cheese' before taking a picture, Victorians said 'prunes'
Roosters have built-in earplugs.
The Netherlands is so safe, it imports criminals to fill jails.
The world's largest pyramid isn't in Egypt.
Coke saved one town from the Depression.
We may have already had alien contact.
Yes, you can smell rain.
There was a secret Baseball Hall of Fame inductee.
Dolphins have actual names.
Superman helped take down the KKK.
A wild dog is the most successful predator.
Medicine bottle foil exists because of poison.
Tons and tons and tons of countries celebrate their independence from the U.K.
LBJ owned a water-surfing car.
Sears used to sell houses.
There's an encrypted monument outside the CIA.
Manhattan tap water isn't kosher.
Timothy Leary busted out of prison.
Cold water is just as cleansing as hot water.
Incan people used knots to keep records.
A U.S. Park Ranger once got hit by lightning seven times.
Bottled water expiration dates are for the bottle, not the water.
Queen Elizabeth wouldn't sit on the Iron Throne.
A hiker found and returned an ancient wallet.
South Koreans are 4cm taller than North Koreans.
Animal shelters are slammed on July 5th.
The most requested funeral song in England is by Monty Python.
The world's most successful pirate was a woman.
There may be treasure in Virginia.
A sea lion once saved a man.
Rich Russians hire fake ambulances.
Milk wagons gave us roadway lines.
Pandas fake pregnancy for better care.
Businesses once didn't see the value of diaper stations.
Beloved children's book author Roald Dahl was a spy.
NASCAR drivers can lose up to 10 pounds in sweat due to high temperatures during races
Victorians once used leeches to predict the weather
Indians spend more than 10 hours a week reading, more than any other country in the world
The Aurora Borealis has a sister phenomenon in the southern hemisphere called the Aurora Australis
Your funny bone is actually a nerve
Pineapples were named after pine cones
A California woman tried to sue the makers of Cap'N'Crunch after she learned Crunch Berries were not real berries
 Cap'N'Crunch's full name is Horatio Magellan Crunch
Apple briefly had its own clothing and lifestyle line in 1986
The IKEA catalog is the most widely printed book in history
3 Musketeers bars had three flavors until wartime rations made accessing vanilla and strawberry flavoring too difficult
Your bones can multiply in density'times eight.
The largest snowflake on record was 15 inches wide
Scotland has more than 400 words for 'snow'
A pig was once executed for murdering a child in France
Someone tried to sell New Zealand on eBay but was stopped once the bid reached $3,000
A Canadian woman who lost her wedding ring while gardening found it 13 years later growing on a carrot
The city of Boring has a sister city called Dull.
McDonald's once tried to sell bubblegum-flavored broccoli to encourage kids to eat healthier
In the 1990s, North Korean teachers were required to play the accordion
This punctuation mark ?! is called an interrobang
Doritos are flammable and can be used as kindling
It's illegal to own only one guinea pig in Switzerland
In 2016, a Florida man was charged with assault after throwing a live alligator through a drive-thru window
American Airlines saved a boatload by removing a single olive from meals.
Great Britain once had a Cones Hotline for people to report rogue traffic cones
Starbucks flopped Down Under.
The first written use of 'OMG' was in a 1917 letter to Winston Churchill
Flamin' Hot Cheetos were invented by a janitor.
The largest living organism is an aspen grove in Utah called Pando
Melting glaciers make a fizzy sound called 'bergy seltzer'
Flipping a shark upside down renders it immobile for up to 15 minutes
Male students at Brigham Young University in Utah need special permission to grow a beard
When Koko the gorilla met Mr. Rogers, she took off his shoes as she had seen him do on his TV show
Astronaut Alan Shepard Hit Two Golf Balls on the Moon's Surface
The chief translator of the European Parliament speaks 32 languages fluently
The first roller coaster was invented at Coney Island as a way to distract people from sinful activities
The German word 'kummerspeck' means weight gained from emotional eating
Continental plates drift at about the same rate as fingernails grow
Hitler's nephew wrote an essay defaming the dictator, then moved to the U.S. and served in the Navy to fight his uncle
David Bowie helped topple the Berlin Wall.
Brunch was originally invented to cure hangovers
Banging your head against a wall for one hour burns 150 calories.
In Switzerland it is illegal to own just one guinea pig.
Pteronophobia is the fear of being tickled by feathers.
Snakes can help predict earthquakes.
A flock of crows is known as a murder.
The oldest 'your mom' joke was discovered on a 3,500 year old Babylonian tablet.
So far, two diseases have successfully been eradicated: smallpox and rinderpest.
29th May is officially 'Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day'.
Cherophobia is an irrational fear of fun or happiness.
7% of American adults believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows.
If you lift a kangaroo's tail off the ground it can't hop.
Bananas are curved because they grow towards the sun.
Billy goats urinate on their own heads to smell more attractive to females.
The inventor of the Frisbee was cremated and made into a Frisbee after he died.
During your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill two swimming pools.
If Pinocchio says 'My Nose Will Grow Now', it would cause a paradox.
Polar bears could eat as many as 86 penguins in a single sitting'
King Henry VIII slept with a gigantic axe beside him.
Movie trailers were originally shown after the movie, which is why they were called 'trailers'.
An eagle can kill a young deer and fly away with it.
Heart attacks are more likely to happen on a Monday.
Tennis players are not allowed to swear when they are playing in Wimbledon.
In 2017 more people were killed from injuries caused by taking a selfie than by shark attacks.
The top six foods that make your fart are beans, corn, bell peppers, cauliflower, cabbage and milk.
There is a species of spider called the Hobo Spider.
A lion's roar can be heard from 5 miles away.
Saint Lucia is the only country in the world named after a woman.
A baby spider is called a spiderling.
The United States Navy has started using Xbox controllers for their periscopes.
The following can be read forward and backwards: Do geese see God?
A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born.
A sheep, a duck and a rooster were the first passengers in a hot air balloon.
In Uganda, around 48% of the population is under 15 years of age.
The average male gets bored of a shopping trip after 26 minutes.
In the 16th Century, Arab women could initiate a divorce if their husbands didn't pour coffee for them.
Recycling one glass jar saves enough energy to watch television for 3 hours.
After the premiere of '16 and Pregnant,' teen pregnancy rates dropped.
Approximately 10-20% of U.S. power outages are caused by squirrels.
Facebook, Instagram and Twitter are all banned in China.
95% of people text things they could never say in person.
Honeybees can recognize human faces.
The Battle of Hastings didn't take place in Hastings.
While trying to find a cure for AIDS, the Mayo Clinic made glow in the dark cats.
A swarm of 20,000 bees followed a car for two days because their queen was stuck inside.
Nearly 3% of the ice in Antarctic glaciers is penguin urine.
Bob Dylan's real name is Robert Zimmerman.
A crocodile can't poke its tongue out.
Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don't drift away from each other.
A small child could swim through the veins of a blue whale.
Bin Laden's death was announced on 1st May 2011. Hitler's death was announced on 1st May 1945.
J.K. Rowling chose the unusual name 'Hermione' so young girls wouldn't be teased for being nerdy.
Hewlett-Packard's (also known as HP) name was decided in a coin toss in 1939.
There is a total of 1,710 steps in the Eiffel Tower.
The Pok'mon Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan are based off of Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan.
A woman once tried to commit suicide by jumping off the Empire State Building. She jumped from the 86th floor but was blown back onto the 85th floor by a gust of wind.
Pirates wore earrings because they believed it improved their eyesight.
Los Angeles's full name is 'El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula.'
The Twitter bird actually has a name ' Larry.
Octopuses have four pairs of arms.
In the popular sitcom, Parks and Recreation, the writers had no idea Nick Offerman was a talented saxophone player when they wrote the Duke Silver plot line.
It snowed in the Sahara desert for 30 minutes on the 18th February 1979.
Mike Tyson once offered a zoo attendant 10,000 dollars to let him fight a gorilla.
ABBA turned down 1 billion dollars to do a reunion tour.
There has never been a verified snow leopard attack on a human being.
The first alarm clock could only ring at 4 a.m.
Birds don't urinate.
Dying is illegal in the Houses of Parliaments.
The most venomous jellyfish in the world is the Irukandji.
The 20th of March is Snowman Burning Day.
Queen Elizabeth can't sit on the Iron Throne from Game of Thrones.
There is official Wizard of New Zealand.
An apple, potato, and onion all taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged.
Vincent van Gogh only sold one painting in his lifetime.
A company in Taiwan makes dinnerware out of wheat, so you can eat your plate!
The average person walks the equivalent of five times around the world in their lifetime.
Michael Jackson offered to make a Harry Potter musical, but J.K. Rowling rejected the idea.
The world record for stuffing drinking straws into your mouth at once is 459.
Nutella was invented during WWII, when hazelnuts were mixed into chocolate to extend chocolate rations.
In 2011, more than 1 in 3 divorce filings in the U.S. contained the word 'Facebook.'
According to Genesis 1:20-22 the chicken came before the egg.
Honeybees can get drunk on fermented tree sap.
Tears contain a natural pain killer which reduces pain and improves your mood.
Squirrels forget where they hide about half of their nuts.
Millions of birds a year die from smashing into windows in the U.S. alone.
Dolly Parton lost in a Dolly Parton look-alike contest.
George W. Bush was once a cheerleader.
In total, there are 205 bones in the skeleton of a horse.
Coca-Cola owns all website URLs that can be read as ahh, all the way up to 62 h's.
Each year there are more than 40,000 toilet related injuries in the United States.
Strawberries can be red, yellow, green or white.
Mewtwo is a clone of the Pok'mon Mew, yet it comes before Mew in the Pok'dex.
Four people lived in a home for 6 months infested with about 2,000 brown recluse spiders, but none of them were harmed.
Madonna suffers from brontophobia, which is the fear of thunder.
In June 2017, the Facebook community reached 2 billion active users.
Samuel L. Jackson requested to have a purple lightsaber in Star Wars in order for him to accept the part as Mace Windu.
Paraskavedekatriaphobia is the fear of Friday the 13th.
Kleenex tissues were originally used as filters in gas masks.
In 1998, Sony accidentally sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people's clothes.
During your lifetime, you will spend around thirty-eight days brushing your teeth.
Ronald McDonald is 'Donald McDonald' in Japan because it makes pronunciation easier for the Japanese.
You've read 100 fun facts! Did you read them all?
Ants leave maps for other ants when they walk.
The smallest bone in your body is in your ear.
People with brain damage can suffer from 'joke addiction'.
Most Korean people don't have armpit odor.
Captive pandas sometimes fake pregnancies.
There is a sea slug that is part animal and part plant.
The common cold comes from camels.
You can fire a gun in space.
Ketchup was a medicine in the early 1800s.
Only 5% of the ocean has been explored.
